~How does your cat react when you give him/her a toy?
1)	They destroy it
2)	They never leave its side but won't seem to play with it
3)	He/she doesn't want anything to do with it
4)	She/he loses it as soon as possible
~Who is your cats favourite friend?
1)	You, of course
2)	The kitty down the street
3)	For some reason, your neighbours
4)	No one, she rides solo
~Where is you cats favourite place to hang out in your home?
1)	In the backyard/balcony
2)	If I could find him I would tell you
3)	In her bed
4)	Wherever I am
~How did you go about getting your cat?
1)	From friends/family
2)	You adopted her from the pound
3)	He came from the pet store
4)	You found her outside
~If you lost your cat, what would be your initial reaction?
1)	I would tear through my home looking for my precious
2)	She will be back ... eventually
3)	I would start looking for a new cat
4)	 Start by digging up her grave
~If you leave your car alone in your home, how do you expect to find it?
1)	My house/ apartment would be in ruins
2)	Everything would be misplaced but just ever so slightly
3)	Nothing would have changed, my cat is too lazy to change herself, let alone anything else
4)	There would be fur EVERYWHERE,  the only thing is she is hairless ....
~Which description best fits your cat?
1)	99% fur, 1% attitude
2)	Slim, agile and mysterious
3)	Hairless but beautiful
4)	No description fits, my cat is in a league of her own
~When your cat is done eating his meal what do you expect to find in the bowl?
1)	Nothing, he really chowed down!
2)	There is food everywhere except In her bowl or inside her stomach
3)	I can't tell if any food is missing
4)	The bowl itself went missing...
~If your cat could speak, what would be the first words out of his mouth?
1)	I love you!
2)	Can you fill up my food bowl, please I am hungry
3)	Please, let me out of here!
4)	Meow
~What activity does your cat enjoy doing the most?
1)	Eating
2)	Sleeping
3)	Hunting ... well it's more like playing
4)	Meowing
~What does your cat sleeping look like?
1)	Tossing and turning
2)	Still as a rock
3)	She is dreaming of running
4)	He is never sleeping, always has one eye open
~Which toy would your cat like the best?
1)	A store bought toy specifically engineered for cats
2)	String
3)	 A laser pointer
4)	Her imagination
~If your cat was a fictitious character, which is your cat most likely to be in?
1)	A blockbuster movie
2)	A best seller navel
3)	A soap opera
4)	He is just a cat
~How much attention does your cat require?
1)	Let's just say she is a high maintenance kitty
2)	It's like I'm living with a ghost
3)	Full food bowl + full water bowl + clean litter box = happy kitty
4)	Exactly the amount of work a cat needs
~On an average day what is the motion of your cats tail?
1)	Its sticking straight up (usually means she is being welcoming)
2)	Its wiggling around and she won't let me touch her
3)	Tuck between her legs
4)	She only moves it will balancing